four years ago I invented a cold DM
system called DM sorcery and it's booked
me more than 5,000 appointments in the
last 3 years what you can see on the
screen here are my cenly analytics for
the last 3 years if we look at the
Ws Discovery call event the o n
Discovery call event and the IIA or the
a call event we can find that I've
booked roughly 5,000 appointments
qualified High tiet appointments using
coddm in the last 3 years with a 70%
show rate and around a 20% conversion
rate this has given me between 600 to
700 High ticket clients which has made
me between 5 and $6 million in ex like
with on ridiculous profit margin because
it's just cold DMS so what I'm want to
do in this video is walk you through
this system and how it works so you can
build it for yourself so what we're not
going to do is jump into some shiny
object and some you know quick fix I'm
just going to give you the system right
so the way this works is you pick a
platform like LinkedIn Facebook
Instagram Twitter you know you can use
um edit probably any any platform that
allows you to do Cod DMS you can use and
it's not you know just these platforms
you can use any platform that your Niche
is available to contact on and what we
do is the workflow looks like this we
start by connecting so you know this
could be sending a friend request it
could be sending a connection request it
could be following them on Instagram it
could be following them on Twitter we
need some level of connection to
actually you know reach out to the
person so they so we have permission to
to to message them right because if you
try and message someone on Facebook
without being their friend or on
LinkedIn without being connected to them
they won't actually receive it well they
might but they won't see it once we've
connected we do what I call a trojan
horse soft pitch okay and the Trojan
Horse soft pitch is an incredibly simple
message and it's literally made me
nearly $6 million and it goes something
like this and I'm not going to read it
word for word because that would be
unfair on our clients that actually pay
for this information but the Trojan
Horse soft pitch is very straightforward
you reach out to them and you do this
via voice note or via video so no text
messages because you need to break the
pattern you could do a gif you know you
could do a meme anything but basically
it's hey John uh thanks for accepting my
request uh I know you get pitched here
all the time I want to pitch you
something but in order for me to do that
I would like to ask for your permission
if that's okay then just let me know
let's literally it the the whole reason
that this approach works is it's a
permission based approach so we're not
reaching out to them at the beginning
saying hey John I've got this thing and
i' I can get you 25 clients and I've got
no no no it's hey John I would like your
permission to pitch you is that okay
this puts them in the driver's seat it
puts them in control it warms them up to
you and not only that but it just breaks
the pattern because they've never sort
of experienced someone actually being
polite enough to ask before once we get
the permission which we basically just
is as simple as them responding like we
we tell them what we want them to
respond so we might say to them like if
it's okay for you to pitch if it's okay
for me to pitch you please just reply
one word okay and I'll send over some
information we do allude ever so
slightly to what we do in this in this
permission thing so it's an extremely
high level thing like you know if you
sold a fitness product you could say um
hey Lisa my name's Charley um I work
with women and I help them get in the
best shape of their life looks like
you're already doing really well on your
fitness journey listen the last thing I
want to do is you know sell you
something when you don't even know who I
am but with your permission I'd love to
explain a little bit more about how I
could potentially help you you know um
get to where you want to go how would
you feel about that is that okay just
send me a thumbs up if so something like
that now that's not actually the
verbatim there is a better way of doing
this that I'm not going to tell you on
this video because I'm sure you can
figure it out and if you want like the
the copy and pastable process my course
is in the description but that was a
terrible pitch but you get my point
right anyway High level permission based
pitch we get that permission then the
next thing is really important so I'm
just going to rub this all
out so Step
One is
connect step two is
permission to pitch then step three is
obviously the pitch so what we do here
is we don't send them a loom we don't
send them a long message we don't send
them a PDF we send them what I call a
native vsl so vssl obviously stands for
video sales letter and this is a one
minute 59 video now we you can do it
shorter than this but you cannot go
longer than 1 minute 59 the reason is
because most of these social platforms
will not let you natively send a video
that is longer than 1 minute and 58 or
59 seconds for example LinkedIn a while
ago they crack down on this you can't
send you can't text someone an mp4 file
on LinkedIn if it's longer than 2
minutes so they might changed it but I
don't think they have so you need this
constraint and the reason it's called a
native vssl is because what we want to
do is we want to keep them on the
platform we don't want to we don't want
to we want to make this process of them
booking a call as easy and as simple as
possible so we're not sending them a
loom we're not talking for 10 minutes
about what they do we're not trying to
book a discovery call we're not sending
them a PDF we're not sending them to a
funnel all we're doing is sending them
something that they can watch in one or
two minutes on the exact same app that
they opened up and responded to you on
if that makes sense and so the native
vsl is incredibly straightforward
literally all it is is
transparency so you start it by saying
hey I'm here to sell you something I've
got your permission to do so at any
moment you can click off this video if
you feel like it's not enough for you
but without further ad let's get into it
so you just start with the transparency
because you need to maintain the same
theme of permission every single step of
the way needs to be like if it's okay
with you etc etc once you've got the
transpar Arcy out of the way you state
your offer then you state any social
proof that you have and then at a very
very very very high level you explain
how you get them the result so it's
literally like hey so if you're watching
is Evergreen right you're not sending a
new one each time so you just record one
you record it as a selfie video It
Doesn't you don't want a professional
crazy camera setup with fancy lighting
it should just be your iPhone because
remember you're reaching out to these
people DM it needs to feel real it needs
to feel natural if we send them to some
crazy sales funnel or some high
production video it it breaks this like
casual communication we have with them
and that casual Essence as soon as we
lose it you just you're going to lose
them so basically it's you know hey John
you know just so you know I am here to
sell you something obviously you've
given me permission to do that if at any
moment you feel like I'm overstepping
the line please tell me and you can
click off the video now what I do is I
help blah blah blah blah blah and I I'll
give my example I help marketing agency
owners coach consultants and core
sellers like you get 52 clients in 52
weeks completely guaranteed and if we
don't do that we give you a full refund
and send your $10,000 back on top seems
too good to be true here's some examples
then what you do is you cut a clip in of
you on a loom video so you add you cut
the loom video into the selfie video and
it's just you going through social proof
now if you don't have testimonials you
replace testimonials with a fancy
looking Myro board or I just realized I
got my bottle in the way how rude is
that we replaced the test testimonials
with some sort of Myro board or figma
board like you know when you get these
these cool diagrams with like different
workflows and stuff you can get
Authority from fancy looking diagrams as
opposed to testimonials so you know do
with that what you will just explaining
the overall high level workflow you need
to deliver this video with a lot of
confidence and then all we're doing at
the end is the call to action is exactly
the same as the permission so we're not
we're not saying like if you like
schedule is cool and it's going to be
great all we're doing is say is saying
if you want me to send over a calendar
link so that you can explore this
further and how if I if I have your
permission is how you leave this if I
have your permission I would love your
permission to send over a calendar link
so that we can schedule an deployment to
talk about this puts them in full
control it's a soft close it works
incredibly well and that's how you end
the vssl is it's another permission and
what you do and you start to create a
chain here is the the permission CTA
that you used in the initial video which
could be a thumbs up it could be the
word okay could be the word yes just a
simple CTA that they can just respond
without thinking you use the same CTA so
if in the if in the Trojan Horse like
permission based video at the start I'm
saying hey John want to get more clients
Um send a thumbs up send a thumbs up if
I can pitch you if he sends a thumbs up
then I'm going to ask for the same CTA
in the vssl because he's already done
the CTA once he's familiar with it we've
now got bit of commitment consistency
bias the Emoji is already there simple
so we round that off of the permission
based thing and basically the way that
we we do this we need to plug the Gap at
this point so once we've done the pitch
you might be wondering about follow-up
so on the permission based video we will
follow up twice follow up one and follow
up two so cold if they don't respond to
your first voice not or video saying hey
I'd love to pitch you can I get
permission then we're going to follow up
with them once or twice and we're going
to do this Tastefully basically just
because here's the thing is you've sent
them a video and you've sent them or a
voice note which means that in order for
them to contextualize the message they
need to watch it or listen and so
followup one and two on on this
permission based approach at the
beginning is it we're doing nothing more
than just hey what did you think of the
video hey what did you think of the
voice note what are your thoughts on the
voice note it'll just make them curious
to click it and that's all we're doing
is trying to get them to listen we're
not trying to follow up on them saying
do you want to book a call it's that and
then when it comes to the second process
here in the pitch this is where we go
crazy so we will follow up one two 3
four five six seven eight sometimes even
nine times so we have follow up 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 and 9 that's right we will
follow up and this is this is the
process that I've used and it's made me
nearly $6 million with cold DMS at like
a 70% profit margin probably more nine
times and all we're doing all we're
doing with this is once again requesting
the permission and trying to get them to
re-watch the video because the video
does all the heavy lifting this is this
is the big Guna this is the beast when
you're following up all of these
follow-ups are doing all they're doing
is we're just trying to get people to
refer back to the video because the
video does the closing you don't close
on the the call on the followup it's
literally just you know you we we send
them gifts we send them completely out
of pocket memes we send them some pretty
outrageous messages but just pattern
interrupts just things that actually
make them think oh fine I'll give that
guy the time of day like you know um one
primary example is you know that Meme of
Pablo Escobar he's like sat on a swing
and he looks kind of sad and he's like
looking down like we'll just pick we'll
get that Meme and then we'll caption
over it like following up waiting for
your reply and it's just Pablo Escobar
looking sad you know we we'll just have
some fun with with gifts and memes and
all sorts of stuff you know and this
works incredibly well you follow up nine
times and I'm not even joking if someone
doesn't respond to this thing we will
chase them to the ends of the Earth
until they respond because once
someone's given you permission to pitch
they've also given you permission to
follow up relentlessly and if they want
you to piss off they'll either just tell
you or they'll they'll just they won't
reply and that's fine as well
what we're doing is we're just trying to
get their permission to send a calary
link so if I put four here we're just
sending a caly link or you know schedule
want or whatever calendar software that
you use you'll go high level calendar
Etc we send this natively inside of the
um the platform so you know we just say
okay awesome really glad you want to
book a call here's the C link please
schedule it now um because it saves me
having to chase you with follow-ups
which I'm sure you're already sick of
right so just give them a little reason
to to schedule it now cuz people will
book book market and put it off and just
that but then here's the kick up we have
another nine-step follow-up sequence so
someone if if someone at this point has
asked for a Cali link which means that
they've watched the video and they
resonate with the video and they like
the results and they they just think oh
this is cool now we're just going to
bombard them again so we will send 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 nine follow-ups via the same
platform over and over again to get them
to schedule and all we're doing with
these follow-ups is just the same thing
gifts memes funny messages just
reminders please schedule the call
please schedule the call please schedule
the call what I can tell you is 80% 80%
of your um calendary links will be sent
after followup um 7 over here so you
know six or seven eight and nine is when
we get most of our Cy link set out and
most of our appointments scheduled after
the Cy link is sent out will be
scheduled around follow-up 6 7 8 and 9
and this is why people give up with C DM
is they send like 50 messages and then
they book no appointments they give up
but what you need to do is send 50
original me messages then you need to
send you know 100 follow-ups to all of
those people because you're following up
twice on each one then you send like
another you know God knows 400
follow-ups and then you start booking
appointments and then you build this
little flywheel the other thing that we
like to do as well that works incredibly
well is we integrate this with other
places on the internet so if we've got
them on like LinkedIn for example what
we'll try and find will try and find
their email we'll try and find their
phone number we'll try and find their
Facebook we'll try we'll try and find
anything else we can and we will
continuously follow up using the same
system on these other platforms all
referring back to the call to action of
the stage that we're at so the call to
action can either be please send me
permission to pitch you please send me
permission to send a c link or please
send me permission to actually you know
please book a call right and all of our
follow-up sequences are engineered to go
back towards that and so in a nutshell
it looks something like this so we start
off with the Trojan Horse message and
then we have follow-up one and followup
two and you know these these will get
sent if someone doesn't respond um after
the Trojan Horse message we send the um
Native
vssl and you know we kind of know what
happens here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
nine messages will be sent to these
people and then after that it's cenly
and then they book okay and remember
it's exactly the same premise here if if
they don't do it at this point then we
will follow up on them again over and
over and then finally they will book and
then what we can also do is start
bringing in other platforms to follow up
on them as well and then bring them back
into the C link or bring them back into
native vssl and if you do this we have
an appointment booking rate on some
appointment sets of like 10% which is
absolutely ridiculous and it works so
well and it's made me a lot of money and
if you want to have this in way more
detail we've got like 15h hour long
trainings on how to implement this for
your business for marketing agency
owners coach consultants and core
sellers there's a link in the
description it is a vssl it's a funnel
it's me trying to sell you something and
yes you will have to book a call and buy
something if you want it but if you want
to speed up the process then it's there
and available to you I'm I can't be
bother to really sell you beond that to
be honest so have a good day and I'll
talk to you soon